[Music]
Hello family, how are you? Are you
delighted to be here one more day with
you in another video in which I'm going to
tell you all about the latest news about
your favorite character? How
are you? Well, first of all, we
had a fantastic time last night we had a
spectacular live show in which you were there for
three and a half hours you kept us glued
to the screen. I mean, if I don't feel like
leaving at 2 in the morning, nobody's going to leave.
If I don't feel like leaving, nobody's going to leave. How do you like a little
gossip? How do you like some
gossip and how are you guys going? Well,
tonight we have another spectacular live show
or at least that's what it's aiming for because
Marina Hoy is with us
tonight at around 10:30, we'll start, you
know, okay, and
Marina is going to be at an event today. And
according to what she told me,
tonight we're going to have Ortega
Cano and Gloria Camila on the channel. In addition, we'll be
commenting on all the latest news, that
reading cover about Olga Moreno and
Rocío Flores that came out, well, we
have to comment on that completely, that's
lots of substance and we'll be talking
about it the cover of Hola magazine
okay the cover of Hola magazine if I'm not
mistaken that's where the
Ana María del dom thing took place which
Marina already anticipated last night and lots of
little things lots of little things okay we'll try to
bring you a spectacular program as
always and that it gives you baldness not as
she says Well first of all before
starting with today's topic that we're going to
talk about Antonio David's sister
who has joined the Amparo Channel I
wanted to ask you all please to
subscribe to the Channel we're on our way to
90,000 let's see if this year
we get 100,000 subscribers on
this channel and they give us the third badge
which I already have two other badges you already
know but I would be especially excited to
have the third badge not a badge for
this channel for tele salseo and in your
hands so don't press okay everyone
who's watching this
video right now press the subscribe button and
let's get to it well Antonio David's sister
auxi Anthony Flores's sister
pronounces after the latest controversies let's
see clearly the latest controversies we
are referring to what happened yesterday because
around this family every day there is
a new controversy the most summarized thing I
can tell you okay as
summarized as possible would be yesterday Olga Moreno
disassociated herself through one of the
main
representatives of the blue tide Mr.
Peter released a statement in which she
disassociated herself from youtubers and twitterers who
used her minutes in a way that she doesn't
like Okay and her name
basically this you already
see surely commented on there we see it let's go we have
seen it a lot of times there are many
people who pretend to be on the side
of Olga Moreno of the colga Moreno is with
them and uses Olga's name as
if attacking it was attacking Olga and
defending them was defending now
anyway some things that Olga
wanted to disassociate herself from yesterday in a statement
that well you can believe Mr. Peter
or not If she doesn't want to but the thing
is that as you are seeing on screen
Olga Moreno herself  Mr. Peter took that statement
and shared it on his
official Instagram account, that is,
they were words that obviously
came from Olga. What's
happening is that there are people in Olga's family
who are on the side of people
who use Olga's name in a
way that she doesn't like. I've already
told this on many occasions and there in
my live stream, Mr. Peter was commenting on it and
confirming it. He is a
friend of Olga and Amparo. Ave nocturna, you
all know her and you know that she has an
excellent relationship with the whole family. What I've
always told you is that
Olga has no relationship with certain
people in her family. There are people
in her family who, I don't know if it's because of
prominence or I don't know why, they speak as if
through her mouth and Olga no longer knows how to
ask her not to get involved in her things and that she
doesn't know anything about her life and that she doesn't speak
through her mouth and that she doesn't support people
through her mouth that she doesn't support, okay, I
mean, Olga no longer knows how to say this. I
have messages with Olga that Olga
has confirmed to me.  I mean, but she
confirmed it to me, she didn't tell it to me, Javi,
what this person says is not coming out of my
mouth, this person has no idea about my
life, okay, it wouldn't be like asking her, it wouldn't be
like telling her not to mess with my things,
okay, and there are people who tell me that I'm
lying, that I'm making it up, I don't know
what, good with this statement, okay, with
this statement that Olga also shares
on her Instagram account, it confirms
that Olga thinks this way, it
confirms that Olga thinks this way, But what's
happening is that they have their
movie, they have their Movida in their
community, in their communities with which
they get together, they have their movie that
Olga is on that channel, that Olga
is in that Twitter group, that Olga
is on their side, so to speak, as with this
statement, these people were left, so to speak,
at the mercy of the horses, which is
not true, because they are not going to be
harmed in any way because they do not
care about anything, but they can no longer
use it, they can no longer boast about Olga, I do
not know what made them look bad, let's say
that she made them look bad, well, then
apparently in an anonymous way that we
can imagine that we are going anonymously  I
mean off camera and everything, not
privately.
Well, there would be some kind of reproach towards
Olga for this statement and Olga before to
have a little peace of mind, let's
call it Olga to have
peace of mind in these moments of her
life. Well, she said, Look,
Peter, please remove the statement because
I'm not going to pay attention to the nonsense on YouTube, on the
internet, or whatever. Okay, what's
going on? Well, Amparo didn't delete the
live broadcast that she did with Mr. Peter
where they confirmed these words from Olga.
Okay, Amparo is a person who has always
fought for the
Flores Moreno family and for Olga, she has passion and
devotion. Okay, it
seemed very ugly to me on Olga's part,
how she left Mr. Peter in the
lurch yesterday and the night owl. Okay, I don't
need to tell you much more. Yesterday we
talked about everything in the live broadcast, it was terrible,
okay, it was terrible
and according to Amparo, according to Amparo,
how she didn't remove the live broadcast, this is up to
each person to understand. Well, not that they
understand it, it's not very clear. No, according to what she
said, Amparo received pressure from
people telling her that they were going to sue her,
that they had already sued her.  a youtuber
that they were going to sue her if there were things in
the chat that they didn't like okay this was
so that she would remove the live broadcast basically
because of course they didn't like it they didn't like it street
Olga spoke out Finally against
certain communities Okay what
has happened Well Amparo doesn't deserve
this and campana doesn't have to be
afraid of lawsuits or complaints or anything the
same as I don't have it okay And the same as
no youtuber has it
justice is used for other things
justice is not used for you to come out
on top in a debate about whether Olga
supports you or not and if you talk
to Olga she doesn't talk to you you understand I mean
justice is used to
defend you if they violate something about you your
privacy your honor or whatever not
for you to come out on top in a
community okay or for you look look you know
nobody gets involved with me or
nobody criticizes me name it's not worth it if you
get into conflict people respond to you
people have their opinions No what's happening
well Amparo has finally
published the live broadcast of course This is what there is
This is what Olga thinks and
today, apart from receiving the affection
of all her colleagues, as it could not
be otherwise, she also received the
support of Antonio David's sister,
Antonio's sister auxi to whom I
send a big kiss, a huge kiss, incredible,
and a hug with all my love. Okay, so
when she saw this she said, well, what is this, what are they
doing to her Amparo? I don't understand anything, do
you understand?
Antonia's sisters have never gotten involved. I know them, I have
discussed things with her, we have talked about
things and we have seen each other, not in Malaga,
but but they have never gotten involved in things
on YouTube, Twitter, I don't know what, but of
course we could go this far, not to the point of
telling Amparo to delete
the live because she's reviewing it, come on,
man, please come on, man. What is
this, what is this, what are we talking about and
nothing, are we going to hear the call from
Antonio David's sister? I'm getting
more involved in the context than with
the call itself. Forgive me, but there will
be many people who have not seen the
live yesterday. I recommend that you watch last
night's live, the live that I did
last night, I recommend that you
you see that's where it's all worth it How are you I know better than anyone knows But I want to tell all the birds for what you keep quiet for what you talk You have all the support all the support of the family and you nobody is going to doubt you
while
because you don't deserve it
friend of your friends
listening to you and I say I can't believe
what's happening please it
's tremendous
and don't let anyone doubt it nobody
because you don't deserve it and I always
repeat it you're going to have the support of
my family that my family is Flores
Moreno and I think that says it all
that you have my support and that I love you
like this please
Thank you for continuing to support my family
Thank you for supporting my Rocío Hello
Thank you for breaking your back for
us but we are here to
break ourselves Thank you so much
for existing
thank you so much and me too it's that it ca
n't be described in any other
way Okay what's happening
for God I mean Amparo Sorry come on neither
Amparo nor anyone nor Amparo nor anyone I
mean what's happening here neither
Amparo nor anyone to the people  that we have
defended the family that they come to us
with complaints with this you tell me
because because this other channel looks bad
because it looks bad statutory trying
not to shut up but let's see but what are we
doing but what are we doing to sister
Antonia Villa hits the table
and says up to here up to here but this
What is it or rather we have many problems in
the family and many things we have
for us to have to be here
getting upset and causing trouble because
Olga has disassociated herself from a certain
community you know
Amparo man that they are reviewing her chat and
review whatever you want review
the comments of the entire Channel what it
says it is not our responsibility
us how are we doing and this there is a sentence
I have here 800 sentences that I can
get from Dallas topics from topics of a
lot of people from YouTube who have been
tried to be charged with the comments
of the comments that third parties make on
social networks Look no no someone from my
community can say something stupid and I
am not responsible report that
person you understand me The most I
can do if they send me a super chat
is pull their ear scold them
someone or delete a comment If
someone asks me, okay, but with
arrogance, not with arrogance, you don't know, and
Amparo, as Sister Anthony has said, is
worth more for what she keeps quiet, I mean,
could Amparo show you some videos with
information that she has, and if she wanted to
go on and tell things and she doesn't? What are we
going on about? What are we going on about to stay on top of
something to stay on top of something?
But where is
Sister Antonio going? Sister is still
freaking out, anyway, I better keep quiet,
family. What do you think about all this? I'll
be reading the comments box. I
send you a huge hug and until the
next video.
[Music]